i'm thankful for the cold air that blew in during the night and surrounded the bed.

i'm thankful for the early birthday presents that d gave me, all of which are wonderful: a squeakless stool for my recording room, a midi sustain pedal, a two gallon fermentation jar with a ceramic spigot, and a heavy duty rain protection suit. i'm thankful that i was able to raise the height of the table in my recording room to match the height of the new stool. i'm thankful for the way the stool silently swivels. i'm thankful that the stool was easy to put together, and i'm thankful that even though i couldn't get one of the screws in to secure the seat, it's still very stable.

i'm thankful for the grimes album still. i'm thankful that every track is unique and yet the album feels cohesive. i'm thankful for the way she pushes towards pop without losing her individual identity. i'm thankful for her guitar playing, which is an inspiration. i’m thankful for the pitchfork headline "Matmos Announce New Album Made From Washing Machine Sounds, Share Excerpt," which made me laugh.

i'm thankful for an unexpected long text from my old friend nl, reminiscing about a time i told her about wearing leather pants on a very hot day. i'm thankful that rather than blowing her off, i sent her a long text describing nice times we spent together, like when she and jk read me an insane long text that an asshole we went to grad school with had sent both of them, their voices overlapping in the sunset as we sat at an outdoor table on a perfect spring evening.

i'm thankful for _master of none_. i'm thankful that even though the directing seemed a little off in the first episode, the timing in need of some trims, we stuck with it, and i'm thankful for how unique and moving the second episode was. i'm thankful, like everyone else, for the performance of aziz's father.

i'm thankful it's saturday, the greatest of all days.
